Dataviews docs: Layout properties checks and link (#64918)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/dataviews/README.md

Additionally, they need to provide:

-   `children`: a list of field's `id` to combine

> -   `direction`: how should they be stacked, `vertically` or `horizontally`

Reviewer: I mistyped this in the original docs PR, it should be:

```suggestion
-   `direction`: how should they be stacked, `vertical` or `horizontal`
```

Reviewer: Prepared a follow-up PR to fix this typo: https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/64973
